README.md, before:

<div id="top"></div>

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <!-- <a href="https://github.com/github_username/repo_name">
    <img src="images/logo.png" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a> -->

<h3 align="center">Advanced Nuclear Reactors API</h3>

  <p align="center">
    An API containing web scraped data of advanced nuclear reactor designs. 
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/danjkim21/adv-nuclear-reactor-api"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://adv-nuclear-api.herokuapp.com/">View Demo</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/danjkim21/adv-nuclear-reactor-api/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/danjkim21/adv-nuclear-reactor-api/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>


<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

[![Product Name Screen Shot][product-screenshot]](https://example.com)

As an energy wonk, I've notice how difficult it is find up to date information on advanced nuclear reactor designs. This project aims to aggregate information on all advanced nuclear reactor technologies that exist around the world. <br> 

It is a work in progress and the data is constantly evolving as I enhance my web scraper script and add new sources.  


### How It's Made

**Tech used:** 
* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
* [Express](https://expressjs.com/)
* [Cheerio](https://cheerio.js.org/)

The data for this API project was obtained by creating a custom web scraper script using Cheerio. At the moment, the scraper pulls data from [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_small_modular_reactor_designs) but the scraper will be enhanced to recieve multiple url inputs (if you have any quality sources, please let me know!).

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

This API can be accessed via [https://adv-nuclear-api.herokuapp.com/](https://adv-nuclear-api.herokuapp.com/) or as a local copy. To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Installation

1. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/github_username/repo_name.git
   ```
2. Install NPM packages
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```

<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->
### Usage

1. Run server
   ```sh
    node server.js
    npm run dev  // nodemon command
   ```
2. Navigate to server
   ```sh
   `localhost:8000`
   ```



<!-- ROADMAP -->
## Roadmap

- [ ] Client Side API interaction
- [ ] Web scraper enhancements (new sources)
- [ ] Feature to allow reactor developers to add reactor data

See the [open issues](https://github.com/danjkim21/adv-nuclear-reactor-api/issues) for a full list of proposed features (and known issues).

## Lessons Learned:

My biggest take away is how powerful JavaScript is as a language. Prior to this project, I assumed that I would always need Python to scrape any web content. After finding Cheerio, scraping content became--dare I say--a much less daunting experience due to how intuitive and easy to use Cheerio is. 

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".


<!-- LICENSE -->
## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE.txt` for more information.

<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

Your Name - [@devdanielk](https://twitter.com/devdanielk) - dan.jkim21@gmail.com

Project Link: [https://github.com/danjkim21/adv-nuclear-reactor-api](https://github.com/danjkim21/adv-nuclear-reactor-api)

Live Link: [https://adv-nuclear-api.herokuapp.com/](https://adv-nuclear-api.herokuapp.com/)



<!-- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS -->
## Acknowledgments

* [IAEA ARIS Database](https://aris.iaea.org/sites/overview.html)
* [WIKI Source](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_small_modular_reactor_designs)


<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

updated readme with puppeteer info

README.md, after:

<div id="top"></div>

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <!-- <a href="https://github.com/github_username/repo_name">
    <img src="images/logo.png" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a> -->

<h3 align="center">Advanced Nuclear Reactors API</h3>

  <p align="center">
    An API containing web scraped data of advanced nuclear reactor designs. 
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/danjkim21/adv-nuclear-reactor-api"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://adv-nuclear-api.herokuapp.com/">View Demo</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/danjkim21/adv-nuclear-reactor-api/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/danjkim21/adv-nuclear-reactor-api/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>


<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

[![Product Name Screen Shot][product-screenshot]](https://example.com)

As an energy wonk, I've notice how difficult it is find up to date information on advanced nuclear reactor designs. This project aims to aggregate information on all advanced nuclear reactor technologies that exist around the world. <br> 

It is a work in progress and the data is constantly evolving as I enhance my web scraper script and add new sources.  


### How It's Made

**Tech used:** 
* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
* [Express](https://expressjs.com/)
* [Puppeteer](https://github.com/puppeteer/puppeteer)
* [Cheerio](https://cheerio.js.org/)

The data for this API project was obtained by creating a custom web scraper script using Cheerio. At the moment, the scraper pulls data from the [International Atomic Energy Agency](https://aris.iaea.org/sites/overview.html) but the scraper will be enhanced to recieve multiple url inputs (if you have any quality sources, please let me know!).

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

This API can be accessed via [https://adv-nuclear-api.herokuapp.com/](https://adv-nuclear-api.herokuapp.com/) or as a local copy. To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Installation

1. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/github_username/repo_name.git
   ```
2. Install NPM packages
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```

<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->
### Usage

1. Run server
   ```sh
    node server.js
    npm run dev  // nodemon command
   ```
2. Navigate to server
   ```sh
   `localhost:8000`
   ```



<!-- ROADMAP -->
## Roadmap

- [x] Client Side API interaction
- [ ] Web scraper enhancements (new & multiple sources scraping)
- [ ] Feature to allow reactor developers to add reactor data

See the [open issues](https://github.com/danjkim21/adv-nuclear-reactor-api/issues) for a full list of proposed features (and known issues).

## Lessons Learned:

My biggest take away is how powerful JavaScript is as a language. Prior to this project, I assumed that I would always need Python to scrape any web content. After finding Cheerio, scraping content became--dare I say--a much less daunting experience due to how intuitive and easy to use Cheerio is. 

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".


<!-- LICENSE -->
## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE.txt` for more information.

<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

Your Name - [@devdanielk](https://twitter.com/devdanielk) - dan.jkim21@gmail.com

Project Link: [https://github.com/danjkim21/adv-nuclear-reactor-api](https://github.com/danjkim21/adv-nuclear-reactor-api)

Live Link: [https://adv-nuclear-api.herokuapp.com/](https://adv-nuclear-api.herokuapp.com/)



<!-- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS -->
## Acknowledgments

* [IAEA ARIS Database](https://aris.iaea.org/sites/overview.html)
* [WIKI Source](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_small_modular_reactor_designs)


<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>
